---
title: The first Year Sqowey
description: The first year of Sqowey in a nutshell
slug: one-year-sqowey
authors: cuzimbisonratte
tags: [jear, jearly-update, birthday]
---

# One year (and counting)!

Sqowey is a project that has been launched exactly one year ago.  
This post contains updates and information on why this project exists now.

<!--truncate-->
### The start
I started the project on 04.09.2021 under the then name "Wudsim" with the feeling with which I almost always start every project: "This is yet another project that's far too big and I'll probably stop again soon anyway...".  
Or to quote from a chat with someone: "It's probably just another bad idea and I'll be too lazy to code it".  
But no, it hasn't become that now. It became the biggest project I ever started and will remain so for a long time. I have learned a lot and will continue to learn a lot.  
Of course, there have been lows in the development, but the project still exists today!

### Since then
A lot has been added since then, the app is almost fully usable, there are settings, a homepage and much more.
There is also now a Docusaurus-instance where this blog and the documentation can be found.

### Currently
Currently I'm working on many things at the same time, fixing all the things like security bugs I've found with the help of many tools.  
I am also working on a REST API so that developers can write bots to make the platform even better for other users or to automate large projects and much more.  
I am also working on documenting the above API.
